does that seem another gameplay
what is going on leash and gentleman my
name is equal espresso and welcome to
another video here today up on carnage
this one again regarding to advanced
warfare this one a little bit
speculation a little bit of news a
little bit all just thrown together now
what we're gonna be talking about today
is the co-op mode for advanced warfare
so before we get too far into the video
as always don't enters the absolutely
awesome gameplay they're gonna be
watching Eddie background this one Mike
carnage chain he just gives off this one
is a crazy game play if you love kills 2
213 and three on raid running some
lethal streaks he's got the Loadstar the
VTOL and his swarm he gets all of these
multiple times and he just destroys the
enemy team making them look extremely
silly getting some awesome gameplay here
for you guys this one definitely worthy
of some support so be sure to go check
him out down the description below his
channel link will be down there I say
all the time but I definitely mean it's
totally worth it and you definitely will
not be disappointed with anything over
there on his channel he's got some
awesome stuff and I know that you guys
will like it all now getting back on
topic what are really gonna be talking
about is the fact that there's not going
to be zombies and advanced warfare and
what it could be instead so now I know a
lot of you guys are probably like oh
yeah zombies isn't gonna happen anyway
it's try arcs thing which is a
completely valid and logical argument to
that point but at the same point in time
it seems like everybody and their mother
in the YouTube community was thinking
that zombies was somewhat gonna make a
return in advanced warfare now that stem
from probably some random speculation
somewhere somebody bigger thought the
idea was cool and just spread it out
there and was total BS but one of the
things that actually put some fuel to
the fire last week was the fact that
coming out of gamescom we gotta look at
the advanced warfare edition of the xbox
one and on the controller their work
tick marks which were very reminiscent
of the round counter in zombies so a lot
of people are thinking hey this could
mean zombies is coming back in advanced
warfare now to dispel all of that rumor
that was circulating extremely fast on
Twitter YouTube all these other social
media platforms Michael Kandra himself
said on gamespot's newest episode of am
down sites when asked about the co-op
mode and what all he could tell he did
say there is no indication of anything
pointing to the co-op mode on the
controller or console for the advanced
warfare edition of the Xbox one so
realistically that was the only set in
stone and actual physical
evidence or anything leading to
something that we could have a hint at
zombies in advanced warfare everything
else is complete speculation total rumor
or just complete crap so a lot of these
people that are putting out videos
saying there's gonna be zombies in
advanced warfare not to bash anybody but
they're doing it for the views so
advanced warfare will not feature
zombies but then that leads into the
next question what will it be again at
this point I'm we literally have no
hints or anything towards the co-op mode
we don't have anything to firmly grasp
on and look at it and be like yo this
could be anything so my thoughts and
personal opinions are just as valid as
yours anything could go with this we
have no idea like I've said before my
personal thoughts that it's going to be
something along the lines of cyborgs
just because of the implementation of so
much technology and the exosuits in
advanced warfare to me it's just very
plausible that that type of thing could
happen especially with the things that
we've seen from Michael cond retweet out
just to give hints here and there he has
put out articles relating to cyborgs and
the implementation of so much technology
in our lives that we aren't actually
what we would call human but partially
half technology and in that case it can
be very dangerous so articles like that
not only catch my attention but also
spark the imagination here for the game
and what we could see but along the
lines of when we could see something
that I think is the bigger topic that we
have more to grasp on actually in terms
of an actual video trailer reveal let's
take a look at the last to call of
duty's to determine when we could see
something call of duty black ops 2 had
their zombies reveal trailer released on
September 26 2012 and then ghost was a
little bit of an oddball with the
extinction revealed the actual trailer
for that the video reveal worldwide was
on October 28th 2013 so if you guys do
remember that's only like a week before
the game was launched that is actually
very unorthodox for Call of Duty who
would normally do an announcement
sometime in late September or very early
October so assuming there won't be as
much mystery surrounding the game mode
as there was in ghosts I'm expecting
some sort of reveal late next month or
early october we're getting closer but
we still do have some time to think
about it in terms of teases i think we
could get something here there from
michel gondry again he likes to do that
kind of stuff but as an actual reveal
that we actually get to see everything
played out for us like I said I would
again think that would be late-september
early October so that's my time ladies
and gentleman the big thing that I
really wanted to tell you guys though is
that zombies is not gonna be returning
in advanced warfare it's common sense as
that may sound that rumor was making
waves across the social media platforms
all across the interwebs so just wanted
to bring that to you guys and then bring
you guys some thoughts on when we could
actually see something and what we could
see so let me guess think down the
comments section down below do you guys
think that we could see your horde or
round based co-op mode similar to
zombies but in terms of cyborgs or
another scenario let me just think down
there love hearing you guys have to say
so that's all there is for me today guys
as I always say be sure to go support
the player down in the description below
chain did an absolutely amazing job for
this gameplay so definitely worth some
support down there if you wanna go toss
them a sub or two be sure to do that as
well if you did enjoy the commentary my
link will be down there in the
description below as well my channel I'm
the one that does all the news and
information here on carnage for advanced
warfare and if you want to stay up to
date with everything regarding the game
my channel is usually right behind real
time in terms of bringing guys content
and news so that's down there for you
guys as well but as I always say the
player comes first so be sure you go
show chain some love before you show me
any if you did like the video as a whole
be sure to leave a like down below if
you're new here be sure to subscribe for
the best quality content we've got the
best game plays out there and as for
some stuff that we have coming up you
guys definitely do not want to miss that
so be sure you guys stay tuned right
here up on the cornish channel we've got
some awesome stuff coming to you guys so
be sure you're subscribed to stay tuned
for all of that minus V Nicholas presto
thing you guys once again so much for
watching I should see you guys later
take care and peace
you
okay okay nobody